title senate committee meeting congressional record vol no 
 section extension of remarks section 
 date 
 volume issue 
 pages e733 e734 
 = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 

 < pre > 


 extension of remarks 
 page e733 e734 
 from the congressional record online through the government publishing office < a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a > 





                        senate committee meeting 

   title iv of senate resolution agree to by the senate of february 
 call for establishment of a system for a computerized 
 schedule of all meeting and hearing of senate committee 
 subcommittee joint committee and committee of conference this 
 title require all such committee to notify the office of the senate 
 daily digest designate by the rules committee of the time place and 
 purpose of the meeting when schedule and any cancellation or 
 change in the meeting as they occur 
   as an additional procedure along with the computerization of this 
 information the office of the senate daily digest will prepare this 
 information for print in the extensions of remarks section of the 
 congressional record on monday and wednesday of each week 
   meeting schedule for tuesday july may be find in the 
 daily digest of today&#x27;s record 

                            meeting schedule 

                                 july 
      9:30 a.m. 
        committee on energy and natural resources 
          business meeting to consider the nomination of lanny 
            erdos of ohio to be director of the office of surface 
            mining reclamation and enforcement and audrey 
            robertson of colorado to be an assistant secretary 
            energy efficiency and renewable energy and timothy 
            john walsh of colorado to be an assistant secretary 
            environmental management both of the department of 
            energy 
                                                             sd-366 
      a.m. 
        committee on banking housing and urban affairs 
        subcommittee on securities insurance and investment 
          to hold hearing to examine guardrail and growth 
            focus on ai&#x27;s role in capital and insurance market 
                                                             sd-538 
        committee on commerce science and transportation 
          business meeting to consider s. to limit the use of 
            facial recognition technology in airport s. to 
            direct the secretary of commerce to establish a task 
            force regard shark depredation s. to amend 
            the national institute of standards and technology act 
            to require the periodic update to the strategic plan to 
            guide the manufacturing usa program to align with the 
            mandatory update to the national strategy for advanced 
            manufacturing s. to supplement exist lease 
            authority available to the administrator of the 
            national aeronautics and space administration to 
            support research education and training and the 
            nomination of neil jacobs of north carolina to be 
            under secretary for oceans and atmosphere taylor 
            jordan of the district of columbia to be an assistant 
            secretary and harry kumar of new york to be an 
            assistant secretary all of the department of commerce 
            paul roberti of rhode island to be administrator of 
            the pipeline and hazardous materials safety 
            administration jonathan morrison of california to be 
            administrator of the national highway traffic safety 
            administration seval oz of california to be an 
            assistant secretary michael rutherford of florida to 
            be an assistant secretary and gregory zerzan of 
            texas to be general counsel all of the department of 
            transportation and derek barrs of florida to be 
            administrator of the federal motor carrier safety 
            administration 
                                                             sr-253 
        committee on foreign relations 
          business meeting to consider pende calendar business 
                                                              s-116 
        committee on health education labor and pensions 
          business meeting to consider s. to amend the 
            federal food drug and cosmetic act to revise and 
            extend the user fee program for over the counter 
            monograph drug s. to amend title ii of the 
            public health service act to include as an additional 
            right or privilege of commission officer of the 
            public health service and their beneficiary certain 
            leave provide under title united states code to 
            commission officer of the army or their 
            beneficiary s. to reauthorize the kay hagan 
            tick act s. to reauthorize certain program 
            regard rural health care s. to amend the 
            employee retirement income security act of to 
            permit employee stock ownership plan participant to 
            benefit from the full amount of beneficial ownership 
            that can be accrue in the plan while also fully 
            realize the benefit of save for retirement in a 
            define contribution plan s. to amend the 
            employee retirement income security act of to 
            expand the membership of the advisory council on 
            employee welfare and pension benefit plans to include 
            representative of employee ownership organization 
            and s. to amend the employee retirement income 
            security act of to provide a clear definition of 
            adequate consideration for certain closely hold stock 
                                                             sd-430 
        committee on homeland security and governmental affairs 
          business meeting to consider s. to amend title 
            united states code to establish the life sciences 
            research security board s. to require executive 
            branch employee to report certain royalty s. 
            to improve coordination between federal and state 
            agency and the do not pay working system s. to 
            require a guidance clarity statement on certain agency 
            guidance s. to streamline the sharing of 
            information among federal disaster assistance agency 
            to expedite the delivery of life save assistance to 
            disaster survivor to speed the recovery of 
            community from disaster to protect the security and 
            privacy of information provide by disaster survivor 
            s. to require an annual report of taxpayer fund 
            project that be over budget and behind schedule s. 
            to amend the federal funding accountability and 
            transparency act of to ensure that other 
            transaction agreement be report to usaspending.gov 
            s. to correct the inequitable denial of enhanced 
            retirement and annuity benefit to certain u.s. customs 
            and border protection officers s. to ensure that 
            whistleblower include contractor be protect 
            from retaliation when a federal employee order a 
            reprisal s. to amend the post katrina management 
            reform act of to repeal certain obsolete 
            requirement s. to amend the lobbying disclosure 
            act of to require certain disclosure by 
            registrant regard exemption under the foreign 
            agents registration act of as amend s. to 
            amend the lobbying disclosure act of to clarify a 
            provision relate to certain content of registration 
            under that act s. to amend the northern border 
            security review act to require update to the northern 
            border threat analysis and the northern border 
            strategy s. to provide for joint report by 
            relevant federal agency to congress regard 
            incident of terrorism and s. to enhance the 
            effectiveness of the shadow wolves program to be 
            immediately follow by a business meeting to consider 
            s. to amend chapter of title united states 
            code to prohibit transaction involve certain 
            financial instrument by member of congress s. 
            to improve the safety and security of members of 
            congress immediate family member of member of 
            congress and congressional staff the nomination of 
            pedro allende of florida to be under secretary for 
            science and technology and sean plankey of 
            pennsylvania to be director of the cybersecurity and 
            infrastructure security agency both of the department 
            of homeland security christopher fox of virginia to 
            be inspector general of the intelligence community 
            office of the director of national intelligence and 
            edward aloysius o&#x27;connell of the district of columbia 
            to be an associate judge of the superior court of the 
            district of columbia for the term of year 
                                                             sd-342 
      10:15 a.m. 
        committee on the judiciary 
          to hold hearing to examine certain nomination 
                                                             sh-216 
      a.m. 
        committee on agriculture nutrition and forestry 
          to hold hearing to examine a review of the usda 
            reorganization proposal 
                                                            sr-328a 

 page e734 

      p.m. 
        committee on homeland security and governmental affairs 
        subcommittee on border management federal workforce and 
            regulatory affairs 
          to hold hearing to examine congress&#x27;s role in the 
            regulatory landscape 
                                                             sd-342 
      2:30 p.m. 
        committee on foreign relations 
        subcommittee on africa and global health policy 
          to hold hearing to examine find opportunity for 
            u.s.-africa partnership 
                                                             sd-419 
        committee on the judiciary 
        subcommittee on privacy technology and the law 
          to hold hearing to examine protect and safeguard 
            americans&#x27 online datum 
                                                             sd-226 
      p.m. 
        select committee on intelligence 
          to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence 
            matter 
                                                             sh-219 
      3:30 p.m. 
        special committee on aging 
          to hold hearing to examine awareness to action focus 
            on combat eld abuse and neglect 
                                                             sd-106 
      p.m. 
        committee on veterans&#x27 affair 
          business meeting to consider s. to improve the 
            provision of care and service under the veterans 
            community care program of the department of veterans 
            affairs s. to require the secretary of veterans 
            affairs to carry out a pilot program to coordinate 
            navigate and manage care and benefit for veteran 
            enrol in both the medicare program and the system of 
            annual patient enrollment of the department of veterans 
            affairs s. to require the secretary of veterans 
            affairs to establish an integrated project team to 
            improve the process for scheduling appointment for 
            health care from the department of veterans affairs s. 
            to expand the vetsuccess on campus program of the 
            department of veterans affairs s. to amend title 
            united states code to direct the secretary of 
            veterans affairs to recognize nurse registry for 
            purpose of the veterans community care program s. 
            to amend title united states code to 
            establish an external provider scheduling program to 
            assist the department of veterans affairs in scheduling 
            appointment for care and service under the veterans 
            community care program s. to require a study on 
            the quality of care difference between mental health 
            and addiction therapy care provide by health care 
            provider of the department of veterans affairs 
            compare to non department provider s. to amend 
            title united states code to require a lactation 
            space in each medical center of the department of 
            veterans affairs s. to amend title united 
            states code to establish a commission to review 
            operation at the veterans health administration and 
            submit to congress report with respect to that review 
            and for other program s. to modify the precision 
            medicine for veterans initiative of the department of 
            veterans affairs s. to extend and modify the 
            transportation grant program of the department of 
            veterans affairs s. to amend title united 
            states code to require the secretary of veterans 
            affairs to improve telephone communication by the 
            department of veterans affairs s. to expand 
            medical employment and other benefit for individual 
            serve as family caregiver for certain veteran s. 
            to amend title united states code to ensure 
            that the secretary of veterans affairs repay member 
            of the armed forces for certain contribution make by 
            such member towards post-9/11 educational assistance 
            s. to amend the commander john scott hannon 
            veterans mental health care improvement act of to 
            modify and reauthorize the staff sergeant parker gordon 
            fox suicide prevention grant program of the department 
            of veterans affairs s. to amend title united 
            states code to expand health care and benefit from 
            the department of veterans affairs for military sexual 
            trauma s. to direct the american battle 
            monuments commission to establish a program to identify 
            american jewish servicemember bury in united states 
            military cemetery overseas under marker that 
            incorrectly represent their religion and heritage s. 
            to direct the secretary of defense and the 
            secretary of veterans affairs to take certain step 
            regard research relate to menopause perimenopause 
            or mid life women&#x27;s health s. to establish the 
            veterans advisory committee on equal access s. 
            to require the secretary of veterans affairs to award 
            grant to nonprofit entity to assist such entity in 
            carry out program to provide service dog to 
            eligible veteran s. to amend title united 
            states code to make permanent and codify the pilot 
            program for use of contract physician for disability 
            examination s. to amend title united states 
            code to reorganize the acquisition structure of the 
            department of veterans affairs and to establish the 
            director of cost assessment and program evaluation in 
            the department s. to increase effective as of 
            december the rate of compensation for 
            veteran with service connect disability and the 
            rate of dependency and indemnity compensation for the 
            survivor of certain disabled veteran and s. to 
            authorize a major medical facility project for the 
            department of veterans affairs for fiscal year in 
            st. louis missouri 
                                                             sr-418 

                                 july 
      9:15 a.m. 
        committee on armed services 
          to hold hearing to examine the nomination of michael 
            powers of virginia to be deputy under secretary amy 
            henninger of virginia to be director of operational 
            test and evaluation david denton jr. of virginia to 
            be general counsel of the department of the navy and 
            benjamin kohlmann of texas to be an assistant 
            secretary of the navy all of the department of 
            defense 
                                                             sd g50 
      9:30 a.m. 
        committee on appropriations 
          business meeting to markup an original bill entitle 
            ` ` department of defense appropriations act 2026&#x27;&#x27 and 
            an original bill entitle ` ` departments of labor 
            health and human services education and related 
            agencies appropriations act 2026&#x27;&#x27 
                                                             sd-106 
      9:45 a.m. 
        committee on finance 
          business meeting to consider the nomination of jonathan 
            mckernan of tennessee to be an under secretary of the 
            treasury and alex adams of idaho to be assistant 
            secretary for family support department of health and 
            human services 
                                                             sd-215 
      a.m. 
        committee on finance 
          to hold hearing to examine the nomination of bryan 
            switzer of virginia to be a deputy united states 
            trade representative asia textiles investment 
            services and intellectual property with the rank of 
            ambassador and gustav chiarello iii of virginia to 
            be an assistant secretary and michael stuart of west 
            virginia to be general counsel both of the department 
            of health and human services and derek theurer of 
            virginia to be a deputy under secretary of the 
            treasury vice jonathan davidson 
                                                             sd-215 
        committee on health education labor and pension 
          to hold hearing to examine make health care 
            affordable focus on solution to low cost and 
            empower patient 
                                                             sd-430 
      10:15 a.m. 
        committee on the judiciary 
          business meeting to consider the nomination of leif 
            olson to be united states attorney for the northern 
            district of iowa for the term of year and adam 
            sleeper to be united states attorney for the district 
            of the virgin islands for the term of year both 
            of the department of justice 
                                                             sh-216 



 < /pre > 


